Heat, relaxation, deep cleaning, the sauna has many benefits and aims above all to do yourself good, beauty ritual as well as well-being, it is practiced ideally by observing a few rules in order to maximize its effects.
The temperature of a sauna is very high (approx. 70 ° C), this can cause negative effects so:
Learn to listen to your body. Do not force your limits and stop the session at the slightest sign of discomfort!
For beginners: It is more comfortable to sit on the lowest benches (it is warmer at the top)
Respect the alternating phases: Sauna - Cold bath - Hydration - Rest
The goal is to maintain an internal temperature of 37 ° C, hence the sweating / cooling process.
Not recommended for people suffering from circulatory disorders, rosacea and skin diseases likely to be aggravated by heat.
Also avoid in case of flu, hypertension, hypotension, heart problems or epilepsy and not recommended for pregnant women.

1 TURN ON THE LIGHT
Turn on the light in the sauna using the switch to the right of it.

2 PREHEATING THE SAUNA Enter the sauna...
On the lower part of the heater, you will find 2 rotary knobs:
1 for the time (A), the other for the temperature (B).
Set knob A to 2/3h Set knob B to the maximum temperature (to optimize the heating time)
Close the door!
Optimal temperature: 70°C Preheating time: approx. 30min

3 ENJOY THE SAUNA
#1. Place your towel on the bench
#2. Lower the temperature by half using knob B
#3. Enjoy the moment!
A B
Make sure to turn the hourglass over at the start of your session so as not to exceed the maximum recommended time: 15min.
*Do not touch the stove during your relaxation time...it is very hot!

4 EXTINGUISHING After using the sauna:
#1. Turn it off by turning the rotary knob A to 0h
#2 Lower the temperature knob B to the minimum
#3. Empty the cold water tub
#4. Pass the scraper to evacuate the water on the floor

TO KNOW !!!
Towels are mandatory in the sauna for hygiene reasons
Wash yourself before using the sauna
For more comfort, pour a ladle of water on the volcanic stones to slightly humidify the cabin.
Do not use any oil in the sauna, you risk burning your skin and getting it dirty at the same time
Don't forget to moisturize!
THE COLD WATER BATH: In order to close your pores, a small cold water bathtub is available.
Fill it before using the hammam/sauna (don't forget to turn off the tap, it takes about 12 minutes to fill it)...
You can also take a dip directly in the pool!
Put on some music for maximum relaxation. A stereo is available at the entrance to the spa.
You can put your own music on your phone or let the CD play.