MASCULINITY UNDEFINED | BANNER
Consumer Snapshot
In recent years, headlines about masculinity and male behavior have taken a frustrating
turn. Young men and women are drifting apart politically, patriarchal ideologies pushed by
“manfluencers ” seem to be resonating, and rates of male isolation and suicide are spiking.
Luckily, that’s not the whole story. A growing body of evidence  shows most men are
questioning traditional masculinity, but social expectations and a lack of options are
preventing them from moving on. This report serves as a playbook for addressing emerging
needs, uncovering strategies organizations can pursue to both assuage fears and inspire
men to take a step towards something more balanced. Overall, the ultimate goal isn’t to
define masculinity , but to encourage men to define their own identities instead.MASCULINITY  UNDEFINED
A NOTE ON LANGUAGE : "Men," male," and "masculinity" are terms referring to social
constructs of gender and gendered behavior. The FS team uses the concept of "man"
consistently throughout this report to refer to any male-identifying person, regardless of sex
assigned at birth.
MASCULINITY UNDEFINED | KEY FIGURES
One third of teen boys  feel "a lot of pressure" to  hide their feelings
of sadness or anxiety.  (source)
 
 
Worldwide , men's average life expectancy is about 6 years
shorter than women's, mainly due to chronic health conditions .
(source)
 
 
The men's global health market expected to double  by 2029 from
$1.25 trillion to $2.5 trillion. (source)
 
 
LGBTQ individuals experience depression, anxiety, and problematic
substance use at two to five times the rate  of their
heterosexual/cisgender counterparts. (source)
 
 
In a recent survey, 96% of men  reported that they need support
and services for well-being  and healthy relationships, although
most did not know where to turn for help. (source)

MASCULINITY UNDEFINED | FLEXIBLE FASHION
1
 2
3For men, attention to fashion was historically reserved for work and formal
expressions built around strict rules  to maintain masculinity's status quo. However,
accelerating fashion trends and an increased acceptance  of queer  culture is leading
to diffusion like “ cores ” and gender fluidity , opening up fashion as a tool for everyday
expression instead. Brands can meet the moment and connect with identity-driven
younger generations by recognizing a desire for independent styles . Flexible
options will be crucial to help men navigate a fragmented fashion landscape and
disarm gendered fashion as a tool used for hegemonic masculinit y in the future.
 
 1  Wales Bonner , a brand renowned for fluid styling, nods to expressive masculinity
in its latest sporting collaboration with Adidas  entitled "The Rift Valley Runners."
Informed by Afro-Caribbean culture, this colorful campaign also incorporates non-
Western expressions of masculinity, hinting at global inspiration forecasted in our
2026 Macro Trend: Power Shift .
 2  In March, Google  launched new personalization functions for its Shopping
search tab, allowing users to swipe left and right on different style iterations to hone
their fashion preferences. As men seek ways to add individual expression to their
wardrobes, tools like this will help simplify the discovery process and provide
confidence for neophytes.
 3  Highlighting the approachability of their products, beauty brand Sally Hansen
recently partnered with NBA rookie Jared McCain  for a social media campaign
about men painting their nails. Aimed at reducing stigmas, Jared shares how he
appreciates a convenient, creative outlet for self-care and expression provided
through nail painting. FLEXIBLE  FASHION
MASCULINITY UNDEFINED | SOCIAL SUPPORTS
1
 2
3Creating opportunities for men to build peer networks and seek help is the most
pressing issue covered in this report—not just for the future of masculinity, but for
society as a whole. Rates of loneliness, isolation , and depression are growing
among men, and while younger generations have a positive view of mental health
services, many men face barriers  to seeking support. Research shows men are
eager for direction, but “manosphere” influencers are quickly taking advantage by
providing toxic advice. Now is a pivotal time for organizations to promote personal
connections rooted in empathy, vulnerability, and care as men build healthier
relationships with themselves and others.
 1  A burgeoning men’s mental health market is taking shape with providers,
brands, and institutions partnering to expand awareness and access to resources.
Taking a direct approach, Harry’s  partnered with BetterHelp for World Mental
Health Day, offering up to $200 worth of free therapy sessions. 
 2  Intergenerational mentoring can give men access to different perspectives not
common in their own peer groups, a valuable tool in breaking down established
concepts of masculinity. In Canada, Gillette  has partnered with the National
Basketball Youth Mentorship Program to support in-person and virtual mentoring
services and educational opportunities. 
 
 3  Deaths of despair by men are at an all-time high, and men account for over
75% of all suicides globally. Norwich City FC  highlights the importance of
“checking in” on friends in a recent ad campaign, revealing that depression doesn’t
look the same for everyone.OPEN SOCIAL SUPPORTS
MASCULINITY UNDEFINED | EMBRACING HEALTHY BODIES
1
 2
3EMBRACING
HEALTHY  BODIES
Strength is one of masculinity’s defining features, historically measured by physical
toughness and a high degree of self-sufficiency. However, valuing this version of “strength”
is now understood to create poor health outcomes and a narrow vision of well-being. Men
are conditioned to repress pain  and deprioritize basic healthcare , all while hyper-fixating
on muscularity , strong facial features , height , and sexual performance . This is pushing
men towards increasingly toxic  and dangerous means to achieve the idealized masculine
look. It’s clear men’s health has a “missing middle,” and with a lack of normal  options in
the marketplace, this is an ideal time to be an early mover. Inspiring men with the tools
and permission to engage in healthy self-care will be pivotal to promoting a balanced
relationship with the male body.
 
 1  Low awareness of men’s health disparities and a lack of accessible services are two
major hurdles for men’s healthcare. In addition to popular annual campaigns like
Movember , initiatives like legislation to create an Office of Men’s Health  and North
Carolina’s annual report card  are early indicators of an emerging focus on men's health.
 2  Decreased body satisfaction  and “ bigorexia ” among younger men is on the rise due to
feeds of idealized muscular bodies with as little as 4% of body-positive content focused
on men. Social media literacy education like The Body Project  is shown to help men
combat muscle dysphoria, a promising new tool in the fight against eating disorders.
 3  Daily hygiene routines are yet another staple in maintaining a healthy body, but
skincare is still a relatively new addition to men's grooming for older generations.
Partnering with “dadfluencers,” Cetaphil’s “ Made for Phil ” social media campaign
highlights its products alongside stereotypically masculine activities such as grilling or
watching football in a bid to normalize skin protection and basic hygiene. 
MASCULINITY UNDEFINED | RE-BALANCING ACT
1
 2
3Decades of focus on women’s rights is reshuffling traditional gender roles and
elevating femininity, and the impact of these changes warrants a closer look at how
men's roles are shifting in complimentary ways. Greater financial and social
independence for women is also expanding dating preferences, with more women
looking for men who are emotionally intelligent , respectful, and open. Taken together,
these changes are creating demand for softer, more versatile expressions of
masculinity. As this new paradigm based in equality and openness gains
momentum, brands can partner with men as they challenge old conceptions and
explore new roles. 
 1  A new “ School For Men ” in Bogota, Columbia is equipping fathers with essential
child care and housekeeping skills, and the program is exploding in popularity. Men
taking the course leave with an enlightened view of care, seeing their newly minted
skillsets as added strength and relatability to their families.
 2  In her book Sticky, Sexy, Sad , author Treena Orchard takes a hard look at online
dating culture, offering insights on how to advance healthier norms in the
heterosexual dating community. She calls attention to a host of barriers for men,
including a lack of dating resources and quality sexual education. This level of
nuance is pivotal for brands to identify actionable steps to advance masculinity in
the dating and relationship arenas.
 
 3  Using humor to confront stereotypes, The No Pause Project  gives men an
opportunity to embrace and normalize "feminine" behavior and ideals. Through a
unique card game, men are invited to challenge traditional masculinity through a
series of question and action prompts, creating comfortability with new expressions.RE-BALANCING ACT
MASCULINITY UNDEFINED | INTERSECTIONALITY
1
 2
3Intersectionality refers to overlapping categories of identity (race, sexual orientation,
gender, etc.) and how they interact with one another. While masculinity impacts all of
the groups listed below, societal narratives differ for each of these intersectionalities,
often creating even further marginalized conditions. This requires a nuanced approach
to providing support, and brands are uniquely positioned to create positive and
normalized narratives for these groups as they navigate their identities and the
complexities of modern masculinity.
 
 1   Walmart  is tackling negative stereotypes surrounding Black fatherhood by
following the stories of four “super-dads” in an animated project  called “The League of
Black and Unlimited Dads.” This creative series showcases male sensitivity and
attentiveness, bringing to life a CDC report  showing that Black fathers are in many
ways more involved in their children’s lives than white or Hispanic fathers.
 2  Facing persecution  from straight, cisgendered, and LGBTQ populations for their
masculinity, trans men need community, allyship, and visibility. For Trans Week of
Visibility, Trans Lifeline  launched a Streamathon hosted on Twitch, partnering with
dozens of trans streamers to increase awareness of the community’s representation
and provide connection through one of the largest raid trains ever organized.
 3  In addition to Pride campaigns focused on celebration and visibility, addressing
gay men’s mental health needs directly is still a top concern. In the US, SAMHSA  is
dedicating $70 million to creating a network of LGBTQIA+ certified counselors,
including an option through the national 988 hotline to text “Pride” and be directly
connected with a counselor trained in providing specialized care.MASCULINITY &
INTERSECTIONALITY
MASCULINITY UNDEFINED | PROVOCATIONS
MEET MEN WHERE THEY ARE
It’s important to remember that men are not a monolith. For instance, younger generations are not as
comfortable with in-person counseling, and skincare regimens may still require a little more
handholding for older generations. When designing products and messaging, take the time to truly
understand your consumer’s comfortability to better connect and build trust instead of using a “one size
fits all” approach.
CHANGE  REQUIRES  CHANGE
Impacting the course of masculinity is a two-way street, and if real change is to be expected, brands
and organizations will need to start with a new playbook for product and advertising. Relying on tired
tropes and outdated assumptions will only hold men back in roles of the past as opposed to providing
inspiration and curiosity.
TAKE AN ADDITIVE APPROACH
Facing the unknown can be intimidating, and it’s clear that men still fear the tension between new and
traditional expressions of masculinity. As many brands highlighted above have done, replace
discomfort with discovery—showing that learning a new skill, starting a new conversation, or trying a
new look will only add to one’s identity, not subtract.
REMEMBER  THE RIPPLE EFFECTS
The recommendations in this report point to the need for targeted investment in men’s markets, but that
doesn’t mean men are the sole beneficiaries. Flexible fashion and social supports, for example, have
myriad benefits for society as a whole. Frame your messaging of these investments as part of a larger
pro-social strategy, a reminder that this isn’t a “zero sum” game.
1
2
3
4