THE STATE OF CORPORATE RESPONSIBILITY | BANNER
THE STATE OF
CORPORATE
RESPONSIBILITYLet's Talk
Contentious geopolitical conflicts and pivotal elections  around the world this year—including in the two
largest democracies, India and the United States—are fueling a climate of intense polarization and
challenging the very idea of corporate responsibility. It's created a minefield for businesses to navigate,
and many are avoiding it altogether, adopting extreme "brand safety" practices, such as screening
influencers  for their political "risk" or avoiding ad placements  that might appear in the vicinity of
controversial topics. Consumers also seem to have softened their stance on brand politics in the face of
more pressing concerns and, perhaps, some 'issue fatigue.' It stands in stark contrast to the pandemic-
era events that gave rise to DEI and other purpose-led initiatives. One could argue that cancel culture
and pressures from the public to take prescriptive measures are what have led to the rampant
performative activism and tone-death statements of today. But the events of the last decade have also
been a necessary catalyst for real change—change that consumers still want to see sustained. In this
report, we examine the past, present, and next phase of corporate responsibility, uncovering the lessons
learned, key considerations, and steps that brands can take towards meaningful progress.

THE STATE OF CORPORATE RESPONSIBILITY | WHAT EVENTS HAVE LED UP TO THIS MOMENT?
MURDER OF GEORGE FLOYD
& BLACK LIVES MATTER
COLIN KAEPERNICK VS THE NFL GLOBAL FIGHTS FOR WOMEN'S RIGHTS ISREAL-HAMAS WARAfter the unjust death of George Floyd  by
Minneapolis police officers set off a wave of
protests, expectations for corporate social
responsibility were heightened, with 60% of
Americans  expressing that brands needed to
invest in addressing the root causes of racial
inequality in order to earn their trust. Many
organizations, from Amazon  to Estée Lauder ,
took this as a wake-up call and focused efforts
on combating systemic racism through long-
term initiatives.Corporate activism took a major turn during US
Pride Month in 2023 after major players such
as Bud Light and Target faced conservative
blowback  for their activations. In particular, Bud
Light became a cautionary tale for the industry
when they experienced a steep decline in
sales  after partnering with trans influencer
Dylan Mulvaney. The incident has prompted
consumers and organizations to take a critical
look at the role of corporate responsibility and
resulted in Pride initiatives for 2024  that were
more muted but, arguably, more authentic.
Escalated by the attacks on October 7, the Israel-
Hamas conflict has set off intense debate, activism,
and divide across the world. It has also reignited
expectations for businesses to speak out, especially
among younger generations. Boycott movements
aimed at companies perceived to be in support of
Israel’s military offensive have led to setbacks for
companies from Starbucks  to McDonald’s , while those
who have tried to show neutrality, such as Coca-Cola ,
have also been met with criticism. The result is a
corporate responsibility landscape mired in more
questions than answers, but also the potential for
deeper discussion and more meaningful steps
forward.Colin Kaepernick is the figure who
kicked off the most recent era of
corporate politics discourse after he
was blackballed by the NFL for
kneeling during the national anthem
in protest of racial inequality and
police brutality. In support of the
athlete, Nike featured Kaepernick in
their “Dream Crazy” commercial,
which set off a fevered backlash  and a
brief decline before fueling a 31%
jump in sales —giving the green light
for more brands to speak out.The year 2022 saw the overturn of Roe v.
Wade  in the US and subsequent state-by-
state restrictions on abortion. In the
passionate protest that followed, companies
explored ways to support female employees ,
such as provisions for those seeking
reproductive care. Later in the year, Mahsa
Amini's  detention and death at the hands of
Iran's "morality police” sparked the ‘ Women,
Life, Freedom ’ movement, which attracted
global support and corporate engagement
aimed at uplifting women in the region on
social media  and through fundraising
initiatives .An ‘anti-woke’ movement has put
DEI under threat as conservative
groups  and business leaders  seek
to dismantle related programs.
Facing pressure, companies from
John Deere  to Harley Davidson  have
already announced rollbacks on
initiatives. In light of this discourse,
as well as the Pride controversies,
‘purpose’ was a big topic at the latest
Cannes Lions , where many experts
advocated for staying the course.DEI UNDER ATTACK PRIDE CONTROVERSIES
Fall 2018
2022Summer 
2023
Fall 
2023Summer 
2024
Spring 2020
THE STATE OF CORPORATE RESPONSIBILITY | HOW IS SENTIMENT CHANGING AROUND THE WORLD?
While a growing majority of Americans do
not want to hear  from businesses about
current events, attitudes are divided
demographically : Over half of consumers
aged 18–29 want brands to take a stance,
while this number drops to 35% for those
over 45. Furthermore, Black, Asian, and
LGBTQ+ Americans—as well as women
—are more likely to believe that brands
should advocate for social issues.
The events in Gaza are having an
outsized impact  on consumers in the
Middle East and South Asia.  Over 55% of
respondents in Saudi Arabia, Indonesia,
India, and the UAE would boycott brands
that support a side in the conflict. Brand
nationalism is also on the rise, with a
majority buying more from their own
country instead of foreign brands than
they did a year ago.
 
In the UK, twice as many are likely to distrust a brand
involved in politics  than trust it, and there has been a
6 percentage point increase in consumers who don’t
want brands to be political at all , driven by those
aged 55-64. On the other hand, younger consumers
show a strong desire for brands to take a stand on
racism.
 USMIDDLE EAST
& SOUTH ASIA
UK
THE STATE OF CORPORATE RESPONSIBILITY | WHERE DO THINGS STAND NOW?
The customer is
overwhelmed by
competing priorities
Amidst an ongoing cost-of-living crisis
and an unstable labor market  globally,
consumers are prioritizing more personal
concerns  over larger societal issues.
While a majority of customers express a
desire to do the right thing , most aren’t
carrying those intentions through in their
shopping behaviors. For many, issues
like social justice and climate change do
not seem surmountable by simple
individual actions, and this prevailing
hopelessness is also contributing to
buyer apathy.Recent polling worldwide reveals that
most consumers think brands are getting
too politicized  and signals a shift away
from socially conscious consumerism . 
Instead, consumers are more concerned
about brands fulfilling their “ personal
emotional values ,” which include safety,
security, health, and happiness. Several
universal issues that are not as
politicized and sit more within a brand’s
purview, such as climate change and fair
pay, are also rising to the top.Pandemic-era events set up a highly
tense and reactionary political climate  in
which organizations and public figures
were pressured to pick a side  and take
swift action. After many high-profile
incidents  by brands since then have
drawn criticism for either missing the
mark, being inauthentic, or not doing
enough, we’ve arrived at a place where
there seems to be little reward  for brands
to speak out and where consumer
expectations on that front are quieting .The customer today wants
brands to prioritize issues
that are more personal,
less politicalBacklash to brand action
and inaction has created a
confusing environment
 1 2 3
We dive into these new priorities on the next few pages. >> 
THE STATE OF CORPORATE RESPONSIBILITY | PRIORITY 1: WORKPLACE IMPROVEMENT
Across demographic and ideological lines, one expectation is consistent—businesses need to focus on
improving their own workplace first. For 90% of Americans, a brand’s treatment of employees  is more
important to them than being socially responsible or holding shared values.
 
Global respondents overwhelmingly point to these workplace imperatives : fair pay and benefits that allow
people to provide for themselves and their families, work-life balance , enjoying the work and culture, and
opportunities for learning and advancement. In rapidly developing economies such as China, India, and
Brazil, the demand for work-life balance is going up. In the US, mental health  is becoming a bigger factor,
and Americans are also growing more wary of the pay gap between executives and lower-level employees.
 
For many, treating employees well goes hand in hand with ethical profitmaking , and in the US, less than
one-third of respondents feel that businesses are measuring up. Among especially younger employees ,
this principle also encompasses bringing purpose  to their individual work.
92% globally believe that employer-employee relations are key to
building a great corporate reputation.
— WE
EXAMPLE
At Hitachi, Social Responsibility Begins With Their Employees
 
Hitachi's sustainability agenda puts a huge emphasis on human capital  and cultivating a
sustainable work environment  for employees. An executive committee continuously monitors
internal challenges and takes an experimental approach to tackling them. For example,
to prevent overwork , they tested out a system that senses hours worked by each individual
and then sends nudges and advice to supervisors and workers to encourage behavioral
changes. More recently, they've introduced flexible four-day workweek  plans and employee
swapping schemes .
THE STATE OF CORPORATE RESPONSIBILITY | PRIORITY 2: CLIMATE ACTION
Although buying behaviors have shifted under the weight of economic pressures, the environment has
remained a pressing issue, with climate change moving up one spot in a global index of top consumer
concerns . Notably, the issue continues to gain magnitude among Chinese consumers.
 
In the US, consumers are increasingly seeing the climate crisis as a responsibility for institutions to
solve , except for those in the 18–24 age bracket, who are more likely to view this as an individual
burden. It has been well established that sustainability is hugely important to younger generations, but
it’s becoming less of a factor in their purchasing decisions, and they are not willing to pay a premium
for it. 
 
Sustainability initiatives  that consumers are most passionate about include production methods that
emphasize waste reduction and recycling, eco-friendly packaging, and nature and water conservation.
EXAMPLE
Google Brings an 'Open' Approach to Sustainability Progress
 
Realizing the heavier load they bear in terms of carbon footprint and environmental
responsibility, Google is striving to tackle sustainability on multiple fronts  while being
transparent about their progress. For example, this year, they achieved 100% plastic-free
packaging —one year ahead of schedule—and even published a guide  detailing their
learnings. At the same time, they've also disclosed the major setbacks that carbon-
intensive AI developments  have posed to their net-zero goals but also see the tech as a
tool that could lead to sustainability gains in the long run .85% of global consumers have experienced firsthand the
disruptive effects of climate change in their daily lives.
— PwC
THE STATE OF CORPORATE RESPONSIBILITY | PRIORITY 3: TECH ETHICS
As artificial intelligence makes its power and presence known in every area of work and life, tech ethics
are developing into a key priority for businesses, with 64% of global respondents saying that the
responsible use of technology —including AI and customer data—will become more crucial in the next
two to three years.
 
Most immediate are AI’s threats  to human jobs ( feared by 3 in 4 Americans ), but not far behind are
infringements on consumer privacy and the potential to be misled by synthetic media, whether through
deepfakes or inaccurate information . Anxiety around AI has nearly overtaken its initial excitement,
especially in Europe and North America. Meanwhile, AI optimism has remained high in emerging
markets, as well as among the college-educated and those under 40.
 
Responsible steps  that businesses can take include being radically transparent about the development
and use of AI, focusing on enhancing rather than replacing, safeguarding user privacy , owning
accountability , and working towards inclusive and equitable systems .
EXAMPLE
Trek Is Taking a Human-Centered Route to AI Innovation
 
Bike company Trek brings a co-creative approach to AI innovation with their cross-functional
Advanced Technologies team , who take on the responsibility of gathering feedback and
exploring use cases for the technology across departments. The result is an innovation
roadmap that prioritizes delivering real value to employees and end users while also centering
their well-being .77% of Americans do not trust businesses to handle AI responsibly,
and only one in 10 believe it will do more good than harm.
— Gallup
THE STATE OF CORPORATE RESPONSIBILITY | PRIORITY 4: PROTECTING INDIVIDUAL EXPRESSION
As more of Gen Z enters the workplace, making allowances for individual expression—from speech
to dress—will need to become a bigger consideration for businesses. Led by their influence and
the pervasiveness of social media, the boundaries between public and private are getting blurrier
across all generations. For example, this group is less likely than Millennials  to agree that personal
views on social issues don’t  belong at work. Refusing to shy away from office taboos and driven
by living authentically, they want to feel safe having uncomfortable conversations  to nurture a
culture of trust and understanding.
 
Gen Z is feeling particularly targeted by the potential TikTok ban  in the US and restrictions in other
countries, seeing it as cutting off their access to free speech and information. Although Gen Z
champions free expression, they aren't as tolerant  when confronted with disagreement, and many
are still trying to navigate its limits  in an effort to promote healthy discourse without platforming
hateful rhetoric. This is currently being explored on college campuses through establishing safe
spaces for civil thought exchange . 
EXAMPLE
Allstate Aims to Bridge Divides Through Better  Arguing
 
Insurance company Allstate  is on a mission to foster more responsible expression and
healthy, respectful debate through the Better Arguments Project —a civic collaboration with
Aspen Institute and Facing History and Ourselves. The program facilitates discussion through
all levels of society and aims to teach citizens and employees how to stop seeing winning an
argument as the goal and to be more vulnerable, compassionate, and better at listening.86% of US college students feel that institutions should make
them feel safe sharing their opinions on tense social issues and
global conflicts.
— Axios​
THE STATE OF CORPORATE RESPONSIBILITY | WHAT ARE SOME NEXT STEPS AND CONSIDERATIONS?
It’s more important than ever to re-root in your company values and
to stay anchored amidst change and volatility. But also realize that
values can express themselves in different ways, and it’s worth
engaging your entire organization in interpreting their meaning
today . For example, Rabobank  employs a diverse, cross-sectional
Global Ethics Committee to talk through the ethics of emerging
issues, from cryptocurrencies to sourcing overseas.THERE IS NO ONE-SIZE-FITS-ALL APPROACH
While there are trends and consumer shifts within the responsibility landscape, contradictory
reactions to recent brand actions show that there are no easy, straightforward answers. It is
important for businesses to balance the needs and viewpoints of their audience, employees,
and the communities in which they operate. For example, many companies are opting for a
‘multi-local’ approach that is highly attuned to cultural sensitivities and aims to make positive
impact on a local level.
CONSISTENCY COUNTS
RE-ROOT IN  YOUR VALUES—
FROM THE BOTTOM-UP
STAY ON THE PULSE, BUT
KNOW YOUR PLACE
In this rapidly evolving landscape, it is crucial for brands to be
aware of the cultural conversation, such as through social
listening, direct interaction with customers, or keeping up with
current events. These signals can provide essential context on
a tactical level, but companies shouldn’t feel pressure to
engage in the conversation right away. As recent data shows,
the public doesn’t necessarily need brands to weigh in on
every issue; however, if the alignment is there, then
businesses shouldn’t hesitate to speak up, even if it’s just
internally.BE DRIVEN BY WHAT’S RIGHT,
NOT THE ROI
When companies easily bend to a drop in sales or backlash from a vocal minority,
it can communicate that the bottom line is all that matters to them and make their
actions seem performative. In light of recent rollbacks to DEI and CSR initiatives,
it’s worth remembering that—as marketing strategist Mark Ritson puts it—“ the
purpose of purpose is purpose .” Where brands went wrong was in thinking that
responsibility could be a profit generator, when really, it is an essential part of
doing business today—because trends and customers may come and go, but
what remains is a company’s reputation.
In this age of eroding trust , authenticity is the highest currency, and one of the best ways that
brands can demonstrate this is through consistency—meaning having their actions match
their words both externally and internally and being prepared to keep their efforts sustained,
even in the face of adversity. The data speaks for itself: Across the world, 61% of consumers
are less likely to trust a brand  that surrenders to politically motivated attacks rather
than defends its values.1 2
3
45