BEAUTY SHIFTS | BANNER
Each season, once we ’ve defined the Cultural Sentiments and their respective Design Aesthetics, we look at the full seasonal landscape to identify
important lifestyle priorities that will specifically influence expectations for the Beauty & Wellness consumer. In this report, we highlight the four most
important Product Shifts that will impact the Beauty & Wellness Market and drive newness for Spring/Summer 26. Connected to our Design Aesthetics (see
the Trend Roadmap at the end of the report), each Product Shift identifies key design updates for Beauty & Wellness, including key product innovations,
important influences, and trend context.
BEAUTY + WELLNESS
BEAUTY SHIFTS
SPRING I SUMMER 26
BEAUTY SHIFTS | INDEX
1ARTISTIC EXPRESSION 2NEURO-BEAUTY 3 4LEISURE STATE NATURE HEALING
BEAUTY SHIFTS | ARTISTIC EXPRESSION | ARTISTIC EXPRESSION
1ARTISTIC EXPRESSION
It is a challenging time for art and artists: with the rise of AI and automated design, there’s a real concern for
the future of craft, creativity, and human expression. Fortunately, in response to this, we’re seeing a resurgence
of unbridled inspiration and artistic celebration, as consumers gravitate towards unique creation as an act of
soulful preservation. Connecting to our SS 26 Design Aesthetic: Mosaic , this shift explores the ways we’re
keeping art alive, as the inherent human need to create comes alive within beauty. Color cosmetics and nail art
are two prominent markets that embrace creative expressionism, as social media fuels a collective support for
artistry within these categories, however we also see groundbreaking updates within fragrance, skincare,
packaging, and more. By championing creativity, acknowledging creators, and empowering the artist within us
all, we’re able to keep the human need to
create alive despite changing times. 

BEAUTY SHIFTS | ARTISTIC EXPRESSION | KEY INNOVATIONS 1
LOW-TECH ART PIECE DIFFUSER
Diptyque  merges home fragrance form
and function with their The Culbuto
oscillating diffuser, which is a swaying
scent diffuser and wooden art piece all
in one. The displayable piece features
a replaceable ceramic arm that gently
releases fragrance as it swings.
 MODERN ART PACKAGING
Studio Cliche ’s HUB Cosmetics project is a
modular, fully customizable cosmetics line
with geometric De Stijl inspired packaging.
With sustainability and personalization in
mind, the colorblocked packaging is
unique, timeless, and lively, translating a
classic art motif for beauty.RADICAL PROTEST ART
In honor and celebration of artist Jamie
Reid’s life, Lush  produced soap art inspired
by the radical protest artist’s works. The
original art, inspired by the four seasonal
celebrations of the Druid wheel of the year,
are playfully translated into soaps with
fragrances that match the interpretation.SPIRIT OF CREATIVITY IN SCENT
Genyum  develops fragrances based on
artists and their passions, celebrating
their spirit, creativity, and way of life. The
fragrance line includes Ballerina,
Sculptor, Musician, Tattoo Artist, and
other professions, with associated scents
like tulle, clay, wood, and ink.

BEAUTY SHIFTS | ARTISTIC EXPRESSION | KEY INNOVATIONS 2
EXCLUSIVE ARTIST COLLABORATION
Ulta Beauty ’s Artist Series gives a platform
to artists around the world with a capsule
makeup collection. New-York based artist
COVL based her collection on self-
expression and pushing the boundaries in
art through new mediums like makeup.CERAMICIST CREATED
Ceramicist Helen Levi collaborated with Joya
to create colorful, artisanal candles. The
sculptural shapes were hand thrown by Helen
and turned into molds, and each candle is
unique as each wax color is poured
individually.PAINT PALETTE EXPRESSION
The Cream Gel Palettes from Gelish  are
gel nail polish formulas packaged in a paint
palette format, encouraging creativity and
experimentation. The palettes come in four
colorways from neons to neutrals, with a
thick, paint-like formula for ease of use.HIGHLIGHTING LGBTQ ARTISTS
To celebrate Pride Month this year,
Pressed Juicery  partnered with three
LGBTQ+ artists to design limited edition
juice labels, sharing visual
representations of their queerness and
bringing awareness to PFLAG National.

BEAUTY SHIFTS | ARTISTIC EXPRESSION | INFLUENCES 1
Art Exhibit
CANDLE ART SHOWCASE
Diptyque
 
Diptyque hosted an exhibition celebrating the centenary of
Villa Noailles featuring nine up-and-coming French artists,
each given the opportunity to turn Diptyque’s Lilas and
Romarin scented candles into a work of art. The exhibition
celebrates the intersection of visual art and scent, and
encouraged artists to express themselves through their unique
mediums and diverse techniques. The resulting pieces are on
display at Villa Noailles, and manufactured for sale in a limited
series and the Maison Diptyque London store, with all profits
returning to support Villa Noailles.
 Collaboration
HIGHLIGHTING NAIL  ARTISTS
Never Have I Ever
 
Never Have I Ever is a press-on nail brand on a mission to
highlight and celebrate artists. Their line is designed in
collaboration with licensed nail artists, introducing them to
larger audiences to gain exposure. The brand is dedicated to
supporting artists by partnering with both influential and rising
artists, licensing the art from the artists, and paying artists a
royalty fee for each set of nails sold. The nails are affordable
for customers and profitable for artists due to their streamlined
manufacturing process, providing consumers with unique, high
quality, and convenient hand-painted nails.Fragrance
TURNING COLORS INTO SCENTS
Bleu Nour
 
Bleu Nour is reinterpreting the relationship between colors and
scents, creating fragrances inspired by colors and the
memories that the scents evoke. The result is a multi-sensory
experience inspired by synesthesia, a phenomenon that
allows some to experience sensory crossovers, like
visualizing scents and tasting colors. Each fragrance is
packaged in an interpretation of colors based on the scent,
connecting the two senses through visual art.
 

BEAUTY SHIFTS | ARTISTIC EXPRESSION | MORE PHOTOS
1. Apryl Miller (Artist)   2. Ceremonia (Brand)    3. Dasique (Brand) 4. Never Have I Ever (Brand)  5. Cliche Studio (Design Studio)  6. Diptyque (Brand)  7. Genyum (Brand)  8. Lush (Brand)  9. Steve Johnson (Photographer)  10. Gelish (Brand)

BEAUTY SHIFTS | ARTISTIC EXPRESSION | MORE PHOTOS
1. Joya Studio (Brand)   2. Pressed Juicery (Brand)    3. Ulta Beauty (Brand) 4. Bleu Nour (Brand)  5. Diptyque (Brand)  6. Shophouse Nails x Never Have I Ever (Collaboration)       

BEAUTY SHIFTS | NEURO-BEAUTY | NEURO-BEAUTY
2NEURO-BEAUTY
Beauty is more more than skin deep, as recent studies and medical advancements are increasingly proving what
has always been apparent: that our minds, emotions, and nervous systems are synergistically linked to our
external beauty rituals. This is the crux of Neuro-Beauty, as we explore how our skin and brains “speak” to each
other beyond basic functions like pain and wound repair. Stemming from our SS26 Design Aesthetic: Sublime ,
which highlights key concepts like emotional design techniques and dream logic, we see the next generation of
emotionally intelligent beauty products emerge, with topical products and beauty routines that are able to
meaningfully impact us on a mental and spiritual level. It is no coincidence, for example, that emotion-inspired
"aura nails" are trending at the same time that studies prove how manicures positively benefit mental health ,
cementing the intrinsic, sophisticated connection between mind, body, and spirit, as brands introduce
innovations that transcend basic functionality
to soothe our spirits. 

BEAUTY SHIFTS | NEURO-BEAUTY | KEY INNOVATIONS 1
NEUROCOSMETIC PRODUCTS
I.D. Swiss Botanicals  focuses on
neurocosmetics and the connection between
the brain and skin condition. They use natural
and “ordinary” ingredients like hyaluronic acid
and CBD to their fullest potential, unveiling
new possibilities for ingredients and
promoting mental well-being and skin health.PANIC-REDUCING SOAK
The Panic Crushing bath treatment from
Flewd  is loaded with anti-anxiety ingredients
like bioavailable magnesium, boron, and
omega 3s to reduce physical and mental
symptoms while bathing, actively lowering
cortisol levels and reducing stress.DOPAMINE-INDUCING FORMULA
The cheerful Orange Bliss Protective
Antioxidant Hand Cream from Djusie  is
filled with chaga mushroom extract for a
strong dose of antioxidants, and infused
with sweet orange, yuzu, and red mandarin
essential oils that intentionally give an
aromatherapeutic boost shown to increase
dopamine, the "happy" hormone.EMOTION-BOOSTING MOLECULES
Charlotte Tilbury ’s Fragrance Collection of
Emotions reminisce on six powerful
emotions: love, seduction, happiness,
energy, serenity, and empowerment. With
the help of color theorists, numerologists,
and fragrance history, the fragrances are
proven to boost the chosen emotions.

BEAUTY SHIFTS | NEURO-BEAUTY | KEY INNOVATIONS 2
HUMAN MIMICKING DESIGN
Real Techniques  uses fingerprint
technology in the new Makeupsaver
Sponge, mimicking fingerprint patterns
that allow for a seamless blend and
replicate the physical sensation of
applying makeup with fingers.ASMR FRAGRANCE EXPERIENCE
ASMR Fragrances  creates a full sensory
experience as they pair their fragrances
with immersive videos, merging scent with
visuals and sounds. The addition of ASMR
adds an emotional aspect and builds a
journey for users beyond traditional
fragrances.SCREAM THERAPY POP UP
Frozen yogurt brand Yasso offers
consumers cathartic stress relief with
a sweet reward thanks to their " I
Scream for Yasso " travelling pop-up
booth initiative, which enables visitors
to scream in a private space to relieve
frustration, rage, and anxiety, and be
rewarded with a frozen yogurt pop.COLOR THEORY PACKAGING
Method ’s Good Karma body wash
collection uses color theory to
stimulate specific moods in
consumers, from inspirational red to
meditative lavender, with corresponding
scents for each mood.

BEAUTY SHIFTS | NEURO-BEAUTY | INFLUENCES
Research Study
MIND-SKIN CONNECTION
Clinique
 
Clinique’s “Skin is the Window to the Mind" survey suggests
that the connection between mental health and skin health is
stronger than previously imagined. Out of 5,000 participants,
over 80% agreed that they feel happier and more comfortable
when their skin is moisturized. Additionally, participants
stated that the tactile qualities and textures of moisturizers
affect mood as well, and slower absorbing product worsen
mood. The survey results support the idea of
psychodermatology, as respondents are more likely to
connect skincare to well-being if they use skincare as a
relaxation ritual and self care technique.
 Collaboration
PSYCHODERMATOLOGY  KIT
Selfmade
 
Skincare brand Selfmade has always been invested in
supporting consumer’s mental health, however their new
collaboration takes the skin-brain connection to new levels:
their Securely Attached Kit represents the first offering in their
Psychodermatology Collection by pairing their Secure
Attachment Comfort Serum+ and Corrective Experience
Comfort Cream with the self-help book “Attached: The New
Science of Adult Attachment” by Amir Levine and Rachel
Heller. The kit is meant to educate consumers on healthy
relationships while supporting a comfortable skin barrier.Brand
MIND-BODY-SPIRIT-SKIN ETHOS
Eyeam
 
Eyeam is changing how beauty brands can position
themselves from a product and purpose standpoint to align
with the mind-body connection. The brand was born from a
need to find wellness-rooted solutions to hormonal acne,
which can have a hugely detrimental affect on self esteem and
mental health. Going beyond a functional product, the brand
created an entire ethos, declaring itself “a community-driven
wellness destination on a mission to align your skin with your
mind, body, and spirit.” Their four-pillar “Mind/Body/Spirit/Skin”
ethos and efforts to support their followers’ mental health
exemplifies this movement.

BEAUTY SHIFTS | NEURO-BEAUTY | MORE PHOTOS
1. @sixnfive (Artist)   2. Facile (Brand)    3. Unknown 2 4. Unknown  5. Charlotte Tilbury (Brand)  6. Djusie (Brand)  7. Flewd (Brand)  8. I.D. Swiss Botanicals (Brand)  9. Codioful (Artist)  10. Method (Brand)

BEAUTY SHIFTS | NEURO-BEAUTY | MORE PHOTOS
1. Real Techniques (Brand)   2. ASMR Fragrances (Brand)    3. Abhas Jaiswal (Photographer) 4. Yasso (Brand)  5. Selfmade (Brand)  6. Sumaid pal Singh Bakshi (Photographer)  7. Eyeam (Brand)     

BEAUTY SHIFTS | NATURE HEALING | NATURE HEALING
3NATURE HEALING
Can we become partners with the Earth in pursuit of mutual healing? This is the question at the core of Nature
Healing, which stems from our SS26 Design Aesthetic: Honored , as we strive to create a more equitable
relationship with our natural world. By injecting the sustainability conversation with an emotional connection to
our planet, we recognize the power of our interwoven fates. Nature therapy grows as a major theme within
beauty and wellness, as we see products, treatments, and initiatives teach us how to find clarity and calm in
our environment. Conversely, sustainability initiatives sharpen their focus, looking beyond surface level
commitments for ways to meaningfully restore the Earth through mindful production: educated consumers are
growing wise to the limitations of buzzy PCP or tree-planting efforts, and instead look for brands with targeted,
lasting solutions to restore the earth. Nature Healing represents an important evolution of eco-friendly beauty,
as we consciously link our own human healing
to the planet, creating a mutual destiny.

BEAUTY SHIFTS | NATURE HEALING | KEY INNOVATIONS 1
IMMERSIVE NATURE SCENTS
The aromatic, outdoorsy scents from
Another Land  are calming and effective
home fragrances. The fresh-scented
collection brings the great outdoors
inside with the Walking Breeze Room
Mist, the Swaying Forest Pillow Mist,
and the Fresh Valley Toilet Mist.REWILDING INITIATIVES
YSL Beauty  launched the Rewild Our
Earth Program, an organization that aims
to restore and protect 100,000 hectares
of wilderness by 2030, creating stronger
ecosystems and supporting species in
danger of extinction.SOIL AND SKIN REGENERATING
Laboratoires Expanscience debuted their
proprietary GAÏALINE®  ingredient which
simultaneously restores skin and soil for an
apt representation of the symbiotic
relationship between human and earth
health. The ingredient is derived from
French linseed oil and strengthens the skin
barrier while its cultivation restores the soil.SOOTHING EARTHEN HUES
The muted, natural hues on Thirsty
Cowboy ’s skincare packaging convey
the healing power of nature. The
products, made for sensitive, dry skin,
are inspired by harsh desert conditions
and the resilient plants that survive in
them, with moisture-locking
ingredients.

BEAUTY SHIFTS | NATURE HEALING | KEY INNOVATIONS 2
REGENERATIVELY-GROWN
INGREDIENTS
Flamingo Estate ’s bar soaps are
handmade in small batches and use
traceable, natural, and nutrient-rich
ingredients that feed the soil, making
the soaps good for skin and the earth.DISSOLVABLE SINGLE USE
Conserving Beauty  focuses on developing
zero-waste skincare products that usually
end up in landfills. Their makeup removing
wipes and face masks dissolve in water in
60 seconds, and their pimple patches
melt into the skin completely.POTENT PLANT-BASED PIGMENTS
Plant-based cosmetic pigments are still rarely
perceived as luxurious, longwearing, and
pigmented, however French brand La Rouge
Francais  is changing that stereotype with their
powerful plant-based makeup line that seeks to
replace toxic, unsustainable, and
petrochemical-based industry standards.FOREST STRESS REDUCING
Nette ’s La Forȇt scent is designed to invoke
forest healing: it is “scientifically backed to
boost feelings of confidence and relaxation,"
thanks to traceable ingredients like
sandalwood, cedarwood, healingwood, and
moss, while mindful green packaging adds
to the calming mood.

BEAUTY SHIFTS | NATURE HEALING | INFLUENCES
Audio
FOREST SOUND HEALING
Tree.fm
 
Tree.fm allows users to upload audio recordings of their local
forests, sharing the sounds of nature with listeners all over the
world. The site brings awareness to climate change and
deforestation, along with being a wellness escape. Tree.fm is
ideal for meditation and relaxation with looping forest sounds
from thousands of forests, allowing users at home to unwind
as if they are in a forest thousands of miles away.Hospitality
PAINT THE SEASON  CLASS
Wildflower Farms
 
Wildflower Farms in Hudson Valley, New York wants visitors
to connect with nature at their luxury retreat. Their Paint the
Season class guides visitors through painting local flowers
and mushrooms for each season. As the seasons change, so
do the flowers, and visitors get familiar with the available flora
through watercolor. The class not only connects them to
nature but acts as a relaxing, anti-stress activity to give the
brain a break and work with color therapy.Event
RECONNECTING  WITH NATURE WELLNESS
Global Wellness Day
 
The 13th annual Global Wellness Day was June 8, 2024 with
this year’s theme of reconnecting with nature, focusing on the
connection between humanity and the natural world. The four
pillars of this Global Wellness Day were eat natural, be in
nature, protect nature, and be the nature, encouraging
participants to nourish their bodies with natural foods, go
outside, practice sustainable living, and acknowledge the
integral part we play in nature.
 

BEAUTY SHIFTS | NATURE HEALING | MORE PHOTOS
1. @pia.ruebe (Photographer)   2. Another Land (Brand)    3. Unknown 4. Vanessa Granda (Photographer)  5. Another Land (Brand)  6. Qingbao Meng (Photographer)  7. YSL (Brand)  8. Thirsty Cowboy (Brand)  9. Ghulam Khairul Bashar
(Photographer)  10. Conserving Beauty (Brand)

BEAUTY SHIFTS | NATURE HEALING | MORE PHOTOS
1. Flamingo Estate (Brand)   2. Nette (Brand)    3. Max Serradifalco (Photographer) 4. Le Rouge Francais (Brand)  5. James Wheeler (Photographer)  6. Wildflower Farms (Resort)  7. Tree FM (Website)     

BEAUTY SHIFTS | LEISURE STATE | LEISURE STATE
4LEISURE STATE
We’re starved for leisure: despite burnout, hustle culture, and socioeconomic strife, there’s a defiant need for
relaxation, travel, and play. As highlighted in our FW 25/26 Beauty Shift: Daily Decadence , consumers are
reclaiming their right to enjoy and indulge despite extreme challenges. This has ushered in a leisure mindset,
and we choose sun-drenched satisfaction as a reactionary remedy to hard times. As this Beauty Shift stems
from our SS26 Design Aesthetic: Mundane , there’s a medley of normcore, nostalgia, and Americana present
here, alongside a healthy dose of “Europe summer” aspiration, as Europe experiences a boom of tourism . This
is a sport story too, as the Olympics inspires an athletic zeitgeist and beauty brands draw inspiration from
classic leisure sports like tennis and golf. Combining vacation aesthetics, hospitality trends, and wanderlust
inspiration, this is a shift that's all about kicking back, relaxing,
and enjoying the good life.

BEAUTY SHIFTS | LEISURE STATE | KEY INNOVATIONS 1
PICKLEBALL CRAZE
Supergoop!  partnered with pickleball brand
Recess on their exclusive Serve & Shine Kit
with limited-edition paddles, balls, travel
bags, and Supergoop!’s best-selling Play
sunscreen to the protect skin during a
pickleball match.LEISURE-ENHANCING BRAND ETHOS
Vacation ’s “leisure-enhancing” sunscreen
encourages play and self care, with retro
marketing aesthetics, unique sunscreen
textures, and exceptional skin protection,
turning sunscreen and skin health from a
chore into a recreational experience.ASPIRATIONAL BEAUTY IDENTITY HOTEL POOL SCENT ESCAPISM
The Maker  launched the Paradiso Eau de
Parfum, with a dreamy scent inspired by
the pool at The Maker Hotel. Lush fruity
and floral notes evoke the hotel’s
signature scents, transporting users back
to the luxurious Hudson, NY destination.
Sporty & Rich began as a leisure and
activewear brand that has since branched
out to a multifunctional, chic beauty line
that embraces the concept of aspirational
beauty. The brand recently partnered with
it-French beauty brand Oh My Cream for
their Summer Body Kit , which features a
covetable pouch from Sporty & Rich.
BEAUTY SHIFTS | LEISURE STATE | KEY INNOVATIONS 2
TENNISCORE FRAGRANCE
Candle brand Otherland  partnered with smart
home fragrance brand Pura for two leisure-
inspired fragrances. Matchpoint transports the
home to a tennis court with notes of tennis
balls, cut grass, and cucumber, while Rattan’s
warm amber musk reminds users of a
beachside bungalow.AIRPORT LOUNGE LIFE
Around the world, saunas, speakeasies,
swimming pools, and more are opening in
airport lounges, like the Private Room in the
SilverKris lounge from Singapore Air . Luxury
amenities in air travel are on the rise for
travelers who need a private place to disconnect
from the stressful airport environment. POOLSIDE LUXURY SELF CARE KIT
Chanel ’s Beauty Mix poolside beauty kit has
all the beauty products needed for a pool
day. The kit features waterproof eyeliner and
mascara, pool-blue nail colors, a hydrating
eye cream, and the Paris - Riviera Eau de
Toilette, a refreshing scent inspired by the
seaside.SLEEP TOURISM
Six Senses  resorts, hotels, and spas are
committed to providing luxury sleep
experiences for a vacation that rests and
refreshes the mind. Handmade beds, organic
bedding, sleep tracking devices, low intensity
movement, and other wellness rituals guided
by the on-site Sleep Doctor help guests relax
and fully unwind.

BEAUTY SHIFTS | LEISURE STATE | INFLUENCES
Trend
GOLF & TENNIS  RESURGENC E
Activity
 
Leisurely living is on the rise, thanks to the growing popularity
of golf communities and the tenniscore  trend. More and more
millennials are choosing to buy homes on golf courses in
order to incorporate sports like tennis and golf into their
everyday lives. Golf courses are upgrading their amenities with
neighborhood sports facilities and spas to keep up with the
demand and appeal to younger homeowners.  Hospitality
IN-FLIGHT  FACIALS
Kat Burki
 
Kat Burki  celebrated the opening of Liberty London’s Summer
Store with a flight themed pop-up event, complete with plane
cabin walls and island scenery. The pop-up offered
complimentary in-flight facials, a passport picture styling
masterclass, and gift bags with travel items from the Summer
Store. The event brought first-class travel inspiration during travel
season, inviting visitors to dream of and prepare for their leisure-
filled trips in the upcoming summer.Artist
POOL ART
Alex Proba
 
Alex Proba turns an outdoor space into a dreamy outdoor
oasis by painting the bottom of pools and creating a visually
stunning work of art. The pool murals are playful and bold with
organic, geometric patterns and bright colors, adding a
whimsical element to pool days. The spark of inspiration for
painting pools came from making the most out of staying
home and expressing yourself in unconventional ways.
 

BEAUTY SHIFTS | LEISURE STATE | MORE PHOTOS
1. Auberge Resorts (Destination)   2. Unknown    3. Vacation (Brand) 4. Business and Pleasure Co. (Brand)  5. Joao Delicado (Photographer)  6. Sporty and Rich (Brand)  7. The Maker (Brand)  8. Vacation (Brand)  9. Supergoop x Recess
(Collaboration)  10. Pura x Otherland (Collaboration)

BEAUTY SHIFTS | LEISURE STATE | MORE PHOTOS
1. Six Senses (Resort)   2. Federica Ariemma (Photographer)    3. Chanel Beauty (Brand) 4. Singapore Air (Airline)  5. Alex Proba (Artist)  6. Kat Burki (Brand)  7. Olivia Alonso Gough (Photographer)     

BEAUTY SHIFTS | TAKEAWAYS
ARTISTIC EXPRESSION
 
There’s a profound desire to express creativity
and celebrate art. Help consumers embrace their
inner artist through interactive products that
encourage expression, and prove your
commitment to supporting artists by bringing
their names and faces to the forefront of brand
communication.NEURO-BEAUTY
Mental and emotional health are inextricably
tied to external beauty rituals and routines.
Acknowledge strengthening research on the
mind-body connection and take advantage of
tech advancements within beauty delivery and
formulations to create innovative products that
balance emotions and “speak” to the skin.
LEISURE STATE
Consumers, especially younger consumers, are
burned out and looking for whatever options
available to them to reclaim the promise of
previous generations, such as travel, hospitality,
and leisure sports. Speak to this need with
lighthearted, aspirational products that support
leisure routines or offer a sense of escapism
and relaxation. NATURE HEALING
Our human fate is tied to the Earth: healing in
one results in healing of the other. We seek ways
to commune with nature for deeper purpose while
simultaneously restoring our environment. Show
consumers the spiritual, healing power of nature
for their bodies and minds, while also proving you
are dedicated to preserving our planet.
BEAUTY SHIFTS | TREND ROADMAP
NEURO-
BEAUTY
 ARTISTIC
EXPRESSIONSS 26
CULTURAL SENTIMENTS
SS 26
BEAUTY SHIFTSSUBLIME MUNDANE MOSAIC HORNORED
LEISURE
STATE
 TREND ROADMAP     |   BEAUTY SHIFTS
NATURE
HEALING
 
 SS 26
DESIGN AESTHETICSBOLDLY
BORING
EMOTIONAL
CAPACITYROMANCE
OF CRAFTECO-SYSTEMSOCIAL
FITNESSON PURPOSE