NYX

Client RFP
Manifesto Video
Gen Z Research

Key Competitors: Fenty, Elf, Sephora, Ulta, Mac

Area of Curiosity

1/ The Beauty Industry

What does beauty ‘mean’ today?
What are the key trends and dynamics driving the category?
What is the beauty standard for Gen Z?
How do this generation define beauty and how is the beauty industry changing to reflect this?
What is the ‘ugliness’ in the beauty industry and what are the inequalities and biases that perpetuate within it?

2/ Make-Up

What is the cultural significance / role of make-up?
How historically / culturally / symbolically has make-up been used?
What’s its role / power in helping marginalized people and communities communicate self confidence and esteem, self worth, identity and self expression? ( Changing your features with makeup- reclaiming your face, visual identity)
Has makeup become political?

3/ Identity Bias & Discrimination

What does discrimination and identity bias look like today?
How have marginalized groups and communities managed to protect / own / convey their true identity and prevail?
What are their stories, struggles and challenges?
What are their hopes and aspirations for the future?
Who are the hidden heroes of the beauty industry

4. Hyper-Femininity

The connection between makeup and hyper-femininity is natural, but how has makeup empowered hyper-femininity as it relates to identity bias?
What is the social tension of wearing “loud” hyper-feminine makeup? Or any makeup at all?
Is there a counter culture if no make-up and why?
How has makeup’s role as a tool for transformation changed as individuals reclaim their hyper-feminine identities?



Notes

The Beauty-for-All Movement: What's trending in cosmetics?

Makeup also saw considerable growth, with consumers focusing more on products for specific facial areas such as lipsticks and foundation rather than sets and palettes. This trend reflects consumers' desire to customize their looks and express their identities. Over half (58%) of makeup consumers use makeup to feel confident, and at least 1 in 5 use it for self-expression and experimentation. Gen Z is significantly more likely to view makeup as a way to showcase their identity.



Brand activism from the beauty industry

Mac Viva Glam
Dove X GirlGaze
https://www.glamourmagazine.co.uk/gallery/activist-beauty-brands

Some key Thematics:

1. Skin Tone Representation
70% of Black women believe that beauty brands don’t cater to their skin tone .
Before the launch of Fenty Beauty in 2017, 25% of beauty brands offered foundations for dark skin tones. After Fenty's release, that number rose to 60%, showing the direct impact of inclusive product offerings .
A survey by the Skin of Color Society found that 80% of dermatologists in the U.S. reported being inadequately trained to treat skin issues in people with darker skin .
2. Body Size and Inclusivity
A study by Refinery29 and Getty Images showed that in the fashion and beauty industry, 67% of people agree that brands still promote one body type as the "ideal"—most often thin and Eurocentric .
Only 2% of models in fashion campaigns in 2022 were plus-sized, despite 67% of U.S. women wearing a size 14 or higher .
A survey by Dove revealed that 90% of women do not feel represented by images they see in the beauty industry, with over 70% of women wanting to see models of different shapes, sizes, and ethnicities .
3. Gender Inclusivity
According to a 2019 Mintel report, over 30% of Gen Z consumers prefer to shop for beauty products marketed as gender-neutral .
An increasing number of consumers, especially younger generations, are rejecting traditional gender norms, with 56% of Gen Z reporting they know someone who uses gender-neutral pronouns .
4. Natural Hair Discrimination
A 2020 CROWN Act study found that Black women are 1.5 times more likely to be sent home from work because of their hair compared to their white counterparts .
Over 80% of Black women feel they have to change their hair to fit into societal beauty standards, particularly in professional settings .
In the U.S., 20% of Black women between the ages of 25 and 34 have been discriminated against in the workplace because of their hair .
5. Disability Representation
15% of the global population lives with some form of disability, yet people with disabilities are largely invisible in beauty campaigns. A 2020 study revealed that people with disabilities make up less than 1% of models used in advertising across all industries .
A report by Adaptive Fashion found that 75% of people with disabilities believe fashion and beauty brands don’t design with them in mind .
6. Age Inclusivity
The global anti-aging market is valued at over $60 billion as of 2023, reflecting the intense pressure people feel to remain youthful .
Despite this, 94% of older women say they feel underrepresented in beauty ads, according to a study by AARP .
Only 12% of beauty ads feature women over the age of 50, even though women aged 50+ control 70% of disposable income in the U.S. .
7. Cultural Representation
A 2018 survey by Allure magazine found that 63% of people of color feel underrepresented in the beauty industry .
In terms of cultural appropriation, 61% of Indigenous people surveyed stated they had witnessed cultural misrepresentation in beauty or fashion, leading to feelings of erasure .
8. Consumer Preferences for Inclusivity
83% of Gen Z and Millennial consumers prefer brands that are committed to diversity and inclusion in their products and advertising .
A 2020 McKinsey study found that 45% of consumers are more likely to trust and support brands that showcase diversity in their advertising campaigns .
9. Social Injustices Resulting from Identity Bias:
Fatal Violence Against the Transgender and Gender-Expansive Community
84% of victims were people of color
50% were Black transgender women
50% were misgendered or deadnamed by authorities or the press
Murders of trans people nearly doubled over past 4 years, and Black trans women are most at risk, report finds
"Bias-motivated crimes are a real, frightening problem in the United States, and LGBTQ+ people continue to be targeted because of who they are," the Everytown report said.
This violence is not evenly spread throughout the US—44% of homicides of transgender and gender-expansive people occurred in the South.
34% of gun homicides of transgender and gender expansive people remain unsolved.
This violence disproportionately impacts young people— 57% of victims were under the age of 30.
Beaten, Stabbed And Shot: 320 Trans People Killed In 2023 - New Monitoring Report
10. Beauty bias:
Beauty bias refers to the favorable treatment and positive stereotyping of individuals who are considered more attractive. This has also given rise to the term “lookism,” or “pretty privilege”  which is discrimination based on physical appearance.
An example of beauty bias is a hiring manager who is more inclined to hire candidates they think are good-looking.
There has also historically been beauty bias in the workplace due to makeup. Women who wore makeup to the workplace are typically considered to be more “presentable” and even “professional”.
Hiring decisions should be based on skills, experience, and culture fit rather than physical appearance. This only applies to women and unfavorably favors hyper-femininity.
