At 09:02 a.m.
yeah, I'm like, 09:02.
A.M.
i guess it's ten here.
Look at me.
Only two minutes late.
Look at you.
Yay.
How you doing?
Oh, I'm better now.
I kind of went through it.
Sound.
You sound it still.
I still have it.
I don't.
I'm pretty sure it was Covid.
I didn't test and Max had it, and then Max got, like, a sinus infection because of it and then.
Oh, my goodness.
And then, like, moving and having his.
Anyway, so I'm sorry.
I am going to pay you.
I've told you this several times going back and forth.
I'm gonna take care of it today.
Okay, you're good.
And then we'll be good.
Um, several kind of exciting things happening, but we can just go through the ClickUp.
I just haven't jumped in yet today.
I see you got.
You got a head start on me, so.
I do, yeah, I do still need to catch up on some of it.
Sorry.
Go ahead.
No, you're good.
So this machine, I don't know what's going to happen with them.
Kiya, we're just waiting on.
They're the ones who say they want to do it, but they're just waiting.
Is that.
They said something about Q one.
They're like, something in, something new is coming.
And I was like, oh, shit.
Do we want to wait till Q one or are we trying to.
Well, I'm telling people, like, if you want something in Q one, you're going to need to work on it and start in Q three.
You know what I mean?
So.
Or even.
Yeah, I don't.
Yeah, I don't know what she.
What they want exactly, but I think, you know, if we just follow up with them in a bit.
Who was.
Was that the one that was saying that?
Yeah.
Yeah, it is.
Cute ones.
I just.
The note you left me, you said, yeah, let's follow up in a month with a.
Just saying hi.
Seeing how things are going, we need to get kicked off now if you really want.
Cute one.
Yeah.
Okay.
Let me do a.
I'm gonna just do follow up and I'm actually gonna do it.
Roll to three weeks from now just to kind of, like, give them the time.
And we have one, but I'm going to put in here.
Okay.
Okay.
That one's good.
Oh, and sorry, we are potty training.
Like, I haven't even showered today.
Christine.
I am like, a freaking mess.
Are you doing the thing where they don't wear pants?
For like a week.
Yes, we did that.
And you just have to dedicate your day to it.
Yeah, that's what I was like.
I'm like, I need to know.
Cause I got.
This is so I.
Greg and I have not showered yet today.
And he's like, gotta go do this with it.
No, I understand.
Like, if you have to, like, immediately run a child to the bathroom, I understand.
Just go.
We got the nanny.
We have the nanny here helping us today, too.
But I, like, I feel bad.
I'm like, oh, God.
But we, like, we did amazing over the weekend.
She did awesome Saturday and Sunday.
Never had an accident yesterday afternoon.
I just.
Downhill, just.
I have no idea what happened.
Well, a little, you know, regression.
What up?
Okay.
This machine yet?
Oh, Jason.
I have a message to follow up with him.
I haven't.
Yeah, it's fine.
I kind of fucked them up.
So it's okay if they want to continue grading.
If not, okay, let them go and just add them to the list.
Okay, cool.
Joe Wright, I am dealing with.
I'm, like, talking with him on the phone and stuff like that.
So I think that that's going to be a yes.
And we're building a piece of software for him to do menu gap analysis for his food clients.
And so I'm resending him that.
Lucas, looking at the proposal, we've spoken like, we added to it, then we took away.
So now that proposal, it's in hello, Bonsai.
And it's linked in the click up, and it's ready to go, hopefully soon.
And then review.
Review.
We can just skip over the reviews.
I think this Elizabeth lynch, like, got fired or something.
Okay.
Okay.
I was gonna say something like, christina, we have calendar advice that she's accepted.
I've used that email.
What is going on?
So we do not have a good email for her.
I don't know if that's one.
You're just like, we.
I think we can let it go, too, because it wasn't a great use case, and I don't think she got it.
I'm just going to move her to a no response then, so that you don't have that sitting on your radar.
Yeah.
And as many times I've tried and tried, um.
But that's all I was thinking, too, was maybe she got, um.
Okay.
Um, I.
All the follow ups, as I say, I was going to say to you, I'm wondering if there's a different tactic to follow ups.
I know we've been kind of, like, checking in.
Like, hey, we've read the report.
Let's get on the calendar to discuss.
I'm like, not even.
Nobody's even responding.
So I'm like, what's the next?
Because I see, do we do kind of like, if you were using this tool, you could have done x, y and z, or, you know, yeah, AI gives you the power to blah, blah, blah, or don't be left behind, or.
I don't know.
Yeah, that's what I was thinking.
It's like, um, the next thing of like, almost the thing of like, hey, since we've chatted you, you know, you could have done x, y, z.
You know, let's.
Let's get this ball rolling so that.
You can maybe what we can do now is to give them the report, right?
And, like, follow up on that and then maybe give them the app as a secondary.
If we can't get them, then we can say, hey, here's the, actually, here's the develop app.
Run this.
You can use it for free for three days.
Like, let's set up a meeting.
Use this for three days.
And then, like, we can say, hey, we have an app that we built specifically for you because we did this.
Do you want to try it out?
If so, let's set up a time on the calendar and then we'll send it to you and we can talk about it.
I think that's maybe the way.
Then let's do that.
And then at least get the calendar booked, get dan to make the link and then send it.
Okay.
So, yeah, so that's pretty much all my follow ups because they've all been through three or four, like, follow up emails and I'm not responses, so.
Okay, so that's pretty much follow ups.
I know.
I see you have a couple in ears, I think, more so because you were kind of directly working with them.
Yeah.
So pray tell, I'm going to actually, I'm going to offer them the brief writing thing because we basically built it.
I'm just going to offer it to them for half of the price and see if they still want to do it.
Okay, cool.
Emily, I'm going to.
She's not responding either.
That was that thing that she wanted me to speak at.
But I don't know.
I keep saying, stephanie, will you put the fucking, like, email in the ClickUp so I can read what it is?
And she keeps, like, giving me a thumbs up and then doesn't put anything in the.
I saw that and I couldn't find it in the email that she's usually using to book, like the Christina perozi mai tai at Gmail or whatever.
Yeah, it's not in there.
So it's another email that they're using for outreach.
Shit.
I don't get it.
So I don't know if you want to try and follow up with Stephanie on that.
I can do that.
Or I can.
I was gonna say, get with Luca and just say, hey, look, we're looking for this email.
Like, can we get it right?
Yeah.
Or.
Or, uh.
Nandi.
Nandi.
Yeah.
Nandi.
Yeah.
Okay.
I'm gonna put myself on it, and I'll.
Okay.
I'll kind of do some poking and Passover.
And then.
Erica is a friend of mine, so I've been keeping a text with her yesterday, so she's kind of, like, waiting for her to, like, actually take a look at it.
Ernest.
Leo.
I was like, he said I didn't cancel last week, so he was on.
The call for, like, three minutes and then left.
And I got on, like, at four minutes and was like, hey, where are you?
And he's like, I had to jump off and do some other stuff, and then just kind of wrote back, like, you know, tried playing with the tool that.
It's kind of complicated or whatever.
So what I want to do for him, and that's what we would need to do anyway, is develop some kind of prompting instructions so that he can use the app a little bit more to his advantage.
So that's me going to Luca, and I'll talk to Luca about that today because I'm going to call him.
I'll have a call with him right after you.
And so let me.
I just.
I'm creating a subtask.
Okay.
Okay.
Just so you have it.
Okay.
And then Johnny is my guy.
He's a good.
He's also a friend of mine, but he runs.
He runs, um, marketing creative for Psycho Bunny.
And he's like, yes, we will work together.
Yeah.
Now I'm just trying to get him on that second meeting so I could show him, because I haven't sent him the link or the report or anything.
Maybe we send him the report.
We sent him the report and link, didn't we?
I don't think so.
We got it, but we didn't send it to him because I just wanted to show it to him when we met.
Ah, okay.
So maybe we could send a report.
Yeah, I was gonna say, let me at least send him the report.
Yeah, say, let's get the.
And then you can walk through the link.
Yeah.
Get him excited.
Like, you can talk very casually to him.
And be like, this is like, this is just the tip of the iceberg.
We don't.
You know, obviously, this is without any information, without any input, really, from you.
And we've also developed the app.
So let's get on the call, and we can play around with the app.
I just figured it would be easiest for you to be able to reschedule.
Okay.
All right.
I mean, I still have to know.
I got that.
And then Finch, he's coming around again.
Oh, good.
He sent me an email basically saying that he fired his chief revenue officer.
And his chief revenue officer was the one who was kind of standing in the way, like, he kind of didn't get it.
And so he's going to come back around and I'm.
Let's see, what was his last.
Okay, so his last email was two weeks ago.
I have been flat out, Christina.
I had to let my CRO go.
It was time for a change.
I've had to step in to cover a lot of the last.
A lot the last two weeks.
So I have not forgotten about you.
But right now, we are pressing hard to get marketing and sales sorted.
I still want to provide you a short list for pre sales prep and delivery summary, but I need a few more weeks.
I have a new sales consultant working with us that is helping to get things organized.
I think what I might do is get him up to speed on what we have been talking about to see if, with our new sales process, we can get ahead with some mai tai help.
God knows I could use a mai tai on the beach right now.
Hope you're well.
I will reach out to you towards the end of September.
Okay, good.
I just said sorry.
You're eating shit right now, but thanks for taking the time to touch base.
I know my tie can help you guys, even if it's just with client acquisition at first.
We're here, ready to go when you guys are looking forward to hearing from you when you come up for air.
Oh, good, good, good.
So maybe let's just change the date on that.
As I say, you have the end of September.
Oh, I do.
Okay.
Yep, yep.
Um, and then your friend Kelly Parker.
My friend, she's just out to lunch.
Her house burned down and stuff.
So I just took a date.
I just took the date.
Oh, my God.
Okay, so these are reschedules that I need to do.
Elena sent me an email.
Where's that email so I can figure out what the hell she wanted?
Elena.
Okay.
I'm just writing her right now.
Elena, I'm so sorry about the confusion last week.
Do you have any time this week to meet?
If so, please shoot over a couple of times and we'll get you.
Okay, so I followed up with her just now.
I'm making notes and changing dates.
And then I was going to follow up with Stephanie to see about those two that she's been communicating with.
That's on my radar today.
And then it was the three that you did second meetings with.
Okay, so Farah needed to reschedule.
Oh, okay.
So let me put reschedule here.
And that's for you.
Okay.
I'm changing it now.
Put it on today.
Steve.
What the fuck did he want?
Paloma grounded.
World did reschedule.
And so now we have a new meeting with them.
I believe that is a day, Jeremy, like, exactly what the taste looks.
Yeah.
So it looks like today at your 330.
Okay, so today I'm changing it.
Yep, I see.
Yeah.
Okay.
Whoa.
Let's start with rubble.
Rubble.
Okay.
And Lucas doing this with me.
And I sent it to him.
Partial.
Um, Steve, you know this.
Oh, I see you got a new meeting tomorrow, but I don't see that.
In ClickUp at risk.
That didn't get added.
Where?
Which one?
A free report tomorrow at 10:00 a.m.
I think that's the Mac McGill.
Because he declined it.
Oh, oh, he did decline.
Yep, I see that.
Okay.
Chase.
Oh, that's.
Yeah, that's tomorrow.
Declined.
So, Steve.
Both Steve and Ernest Leo.
I'm going to take DJ out of the name because DJ's never been both.
Steve McGinnis.
This is the one with AstraZeneca.
And they both need that Compton sheet of.
So I'm just going to put in the comments here.
Needs prompting.
And I'll assign myself to that because.
Yes.
Okay, see, my goodness.
I'll talk about that today with Luca.
And then the other person I was having did that was Ernest Leo, and that was me.
Okay.
Yeah.
Okay.
And diplomas today.
And then this gene thing is the meeting coming up.
Could you add there for me to prep for that, like on Wednesday?
Which one?
Steve's the gene.
The plum tree group.
Oh, yeah.
Um, just so you know.
Do you see that they booked you a call that day at 02:00 yeah, it's got.
And the person accepted it and assurance at 02:00 your time.
And you've got that plum tree group.
Can you ask Stephanie to reschedule that?
Yeah, that's like the second time that's happened, too.
So could you maybe mention that too?
Because yesterday there was a.
Not yesterday but last week, there was a double booking, too, so they need to make sure that they're looking at the Mai tai caliber.
And I think that's it.
I know.
I have this.
I have stuff to review.
Yeah, there's some stuff in there.
I have some stuff that I got to go through, too.
What was the other one?
Oh, the.
The newsletter, though.
I want to get one out this month.
Do you?
I know you send them, like, a sample of kind of what you like, or if you were to kind of, like, say, hey, this is what I want in it, and then we'll start working on that so we can get one out, because we do have a lot of emails.
Okay.
Is that a task for me somewhere?
Um, I believe so.
Let me.
Fine.
I'm going to take myself off this.
Emily Yeager.
We have you assigned, but no due date.
Let me give you.
We have assigned.
This is not a due date.
Do you want, like, tomorrow, Thursday, Friday, what works for you?
Yeah, tomorrow would be great.
Yeah.
All right.
And then we'll get working on that.
And then, like I said, we have a huge leads listed.
Start sending to.
So be really, really good.
Okay.
Um.
Oh, I need to make this one on the note for you.
The.
You can even have.
You can even add that to today, actually.
Okay.
I'll do the review stuff, and then I'll just.
I can do that pretty quickly.
I was thinking about maybe doing a podcast, too, because there's someone I listen to.
It's just a guy talking about the AI stuff, and it's, like, ten minutes long, and it's really good.
Yeah, it's a little too technical for me, but maybe, like, my niche can be, like, how businesses can use it.
Then.
There'S some really cool tools out there that we could use to help you with recording and all that.
Oh, and then the other.
One other thing I need for today, and this is urgent, this for me to talk to Luca about, is a one cheater on the security of the information.
And I need that for AstraZeneca, and I need that for.
Excuse me.
I need that for Steve McGinnis, and I need it for.
On the actual program.
It's awkward.
Yeah, we need, like, some kind of sheet that shows, like, it's secure.
And so that's something that Dan and Luca need to do.
Kind of show us the specs of how it's secure and not.
Or we might have to do some kind of, like, you know, buying a closed system or encrypted blah, blah, blah.
But I'll talk to Luca about that today.
You want me just to send them that in the WhatsApp?
Yeah.
Okay.
All right, awesome.
Let's.
Yeah, let's get through this, and then I will.
Like I said, we've got content ready for Mai Tai and JP, there's some of it.
And then get this newsletter out.
And then maybe, like, next week when you have some time, we can talk about the lead magnet so we can start to push that a little bit.
Yeah.
Yeah.
That's what I got.
So thank you, Jen.
I appreciate everything.
Yeah, no worries.
Hopefully, you guys get over Covid, get over whatever it is, and.
Yeah.
Closing these deals.
Okay.
Oh, and then we did close our west, so they just need.
I gave them that w nine.
I gave them all that stuff.
So I just need to give them my ach information and then we should be.
Okay.
Okay.
I was gonna say.
Cause I know that they're sitting in our onboarding, and that's kind of where we're gonna have to start putting that process together for an SLP.
Yeah.
Yay.
All righty.
Okay.
Okay.
Good luck to you.
See ya.
Bye.
